README.md, before:

## **Framework Knowledge Repo** [![Awesome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Created_By-LearnToProgram.tv-10ABE4.svg?style=flat)](https://learntoprogram.tv)

### Introduction

We LTP staff members go on a lot of tangents about different web technologies, best practices, and various online articles. Rather than let all of that knowledge go to waste or get lost in Slack groups, we're going to keep track of everything we mention here, so that you might find your way back to a particular nugget of wisdom.

Without further ado...

- [HTML and CSS](#html-and-css)
  - [HTML](#html)
  - [CSS](#css)
- [Frameworks](#frameworks)
  - [Front End](#front-end)
- [Git and GitHub](#git-and-github)
  - [Git](#git)
  - [GitHub](#github)
- [Resources for College Students and Employees](#resources-for-college-students-and-employees)
- [Coming Soon](#coming-soon)
- [Hosting](#hosting)

---
### HTML and CSS
> These are resources about HTML and CSS. From elements to rules to colors, we'll keep adding links until we cover all the basics.

#### HTML
* [List of HTML Elements](https://www.w3schools.com/TAGs/default.asp)

#### CSS
* [List of CSS Rules](https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/)
* [Intro to Web Colors](https://www.w3schools.com/html/html_colors.asp)

### Frameworks
> Frameworks are just collections of pre-written code that you can utilize in your projects. The ones we have listed under [Front End](#front-end) are basically just precompiled sets of CSS and JavaScript that help you make a pretty looking website without having to get into any of the nitty gritty.

#### Front End
* [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/)
Version 3 is the latest stable release. Version 4 just went into beta.
* [Foundation](http://foundation.zurb.com/)
We use Version 3 in our online videos. You can try to use a newer version, but you will run into syntax problems between the two.
* [jQuery Mobile](https://jquerymobile.com/)
We recommend using Version 1.4.5 - and demo code is available [here](http://demos.jquerymobile.com/1.4.5/).

### Git and GitHub
Git and GitHub are very important tools in the development communicty. Git (the technology on your computer) and GitHub (a website you can interface with using Git) combine to help accomplish a few different tasks. At they're heart, they give you a way to both store and share your code offsite and with the world.

#### Git
Git is a version control system used to track changes in files. Initially we're going to be using it to both keep track of your own work and to package your code up in commits so that you can share it with your instructors and the world using GitHub.

##### Desktop Application
* [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/)

##### Command Line Tutorials
* [Basic Git Tutorial](https://try.github.io/levels/1/challenges/1)
* [Expanded Git Tutorials](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials)

#### GitHub
GitHub is one of several (but a very popular) web-based Git repository hosting service. Meaning you do use Git on our computers to keep track of changes, but we can use websites like GitHub to share your code with others and to allow collaboration without stepping on other peoples' toes.

* [GitHub Hello World Tutorial](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/')

### Resources for College Students and Employees
> If you have an email address ending in .edu, there are all sorts of companies give out free trials and products to encourage students to learn how to code.

* [GitHub Student Developer Pack](https://education.github.com/pack)
GitHub collects a lot of tools from different companies to give out on one page. Chief among these are free private repositories on GitHub, free cloud hosting credit with DigitalOcean, and a free .me domain name with Namecheap.

---
## Coming Soon

### Browser Extensions

### Code Editors and Plugins

### JavaScript Resources (Beginner & Intermediate)

### Various Languages For Front/Back End

### Hosting
> Hosting is a very broad and expansive topic. In the future, we'll hold (and potentially record) Hack Night sessions where we talk about different kinds of hosting solutions, platforms, and best practices. This isn't something we need to worry about yet, though.

Commit message:

Add Google's HTML/CSS and JS styleguides.

README.md, after:

## **Framework Knowledge Repo** [![Awesome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Created_By-LearnToProgram.tv-10ABE4.svg?style=flat)](https://learntoprogram.tv)

### Introduction

We LTP staff members go on a lot of tangents about different web technologies, best practices, and various online articles. Rather than let all of that knowledge go to waste or get lost in Slack groups, we're going to keep track of everything we mention here, so that you might find your way back to a particular nugget of wisdom.

Without further ado...

- [HTML and CSS](#html-and-css)
  - [HTML](#html)
  - [CSS](#css)
- [Styleguides](#styleguides)
  - [HTML and CSS Styleguides](#html-and-css-styleguides)
  - [JS Styleguides](#js-styleguides)
- [Frameworks](#frameworks)
  - [Front End](#front-end)
- [Git and GitHub](#git-and-github)
  - [Git](#git)
  - [GitHub](#github)
- [Resources for College Students and Employees](#resources-for-college-students-and-employees)
- [Coming Soon](#coming-soon)
- [Hosting](#hosting)

---
### HTML and CSS
> These are resources about HTML and CSS. From elements to rules to colors, we'll keep adding links until we cover all the basics.

#### HTML
* [List of HTML Elements](https://www.w3schools.com/TAGs/default.asp)

#### CSS
* [List of CSS Rules](https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/)
* [Intro to Web Colors](https://www.w3schools.com/html/html_colors.asp)

### Styleguides

#### HTML and CSS Styleguides
* [Google's HTML/CSS Styleguide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/htmlcssguide.html)

#### JS Styleguides
* [Google's JS Styleguide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/jsguide.html)

### Frameworks
> Frameworks are just collections of pre-written code that you can utilize in your projects. The ones we have listed under [Front End](#front-end) are basically just precompiled sets of CSS and JavaScript that help you make a pretty looking website without having to get into any of the nitty gritty.

#### Front End
* [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/)
Version 3 is the latest stable release. Version 4 just went into beta.
* [Foundation](http://foundation.zurb.com/)
We use Version 3 in our online videos. You can try to use a newer version, but you will run into syntax problems between the two.
* [jQuery Mobile](https://jquerymobile.com/)
We recommend using Version 1.4.5 - and demo code is available [here](http://demos.jquerymobile.com/1.4.5/).

### Git and GitHub
Git and GitHub are very important tools in the development communicty. Git (the technology on your computer) and GitHub (a website you can interface with using Git) combine to help accomplish a few different tasks. At they're heart, they give you a way to both store and share your code offsite and with the world.

#### Git
Git is a version control system used to track changes in files. Initially we're going to be using it to both keep track of your own work and to package your code up in commits so that you can share it with your instructors and the world using GitHub.

##### Desktop Application
* [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/)

##### Command Line Tutorials
* [Basic Git Tutorial](https://try.github.io/levels/1/challenges/1)
* [Expanded Git Tutorials](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials)

#### GitHub
GitHub is one of several (but a very popular) web-based Git repository hosting service. Meaning you do use Git on our computers to keep track of changes, but we can use websites like GitHub to share your code with others and to allow collaboration without stepping on other peoples' toes.

* [GitHub Hello World Tutorial](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/')

### Resources for College Students and Employees
> If you have an email address ending in .edu, there are all sorts of companies give out free trials and products to encourage students to learn how to code.

* [GitHub Student Developer Pack](https://education.github.com/pack)
GitHub collects a lot of tools from different companies to give out on one page. Chief among these are free private repositories on GitHub, free cloud hosting credit with DigitalOcean, and a free .me domain name with Namecheap.

---
## Coming Soon

### Browser Extensions

### Code Editors and Plugins

### JavaScript Resources (Beginner & Intermediate)

### Various Languages For Front/Back End

### Hosting
> Hosting is a very broad and expansive topic. In the future, we'll hold (and potentially record) Hack Night sessions where we talk about different kinds of hosting solutions, platforms, and best practices. This isn't something we need to worry about yet, though.
